okay I just got off work i figured i'd
make a video of the truck while i was
out here this video is going to look
quite a bit different than the burnout
video that's currently on my youtube
channel things I've changed since that
video let's see here i believe it was
debadged in the video but the truck is
debadged it is actually a z71 1500 um
has five percent window tint has true
dual exhaust on it there is no x pipe no
h-pipe nothing like that on it i'd say
it straight pipe some people may
disagree it does not have mufflers it
does have high flow cats it does not
have the stock ones but it does have
cats because i don't want any type of
trouble code issue oh it has LED
taillights that i attended myself with
vht nightshade I actually had to tint
them twice because I did them originally
when I bought them and over a few months
it fades so i redid them and the second
time I did them I put clear coat over
them and they have held up spectacularly
since then let's see what else here in
the burnout video I had two 45s on it
this now has to 65 but I'm lifting it
next month so we'll have 35 sup 1 i'm
putting a rough country 6 and suspension
lift non torsion drop which actually I
already have in the house I just have to
worry the tires before I can install it
got rid of the factory headlight and
marker housings and i went with these uh
clear housings instead i have 12k hids
installed on at the moment I like them
they're pretty good this bow tie here is
actually removable I remove that and
painted it black just to give it a
better look I guess in the long run i'm
actually going to black out the entire
truck the chrome ears are going to be
going I'm going to HD mirrors once I
lift it the bumpers I'm actually going
to have lie next I'm getting a black
tahoe grill gloss and from the body line
down I'm going to have that line X as
well all the way around um just to give
it a you know I mean I know it's been
done before with other trucks but I
personally haven't seen one i've seen
him in magazine stuff like that but I've
never seen one person I just think it'll
look good for this truck with everything
else done to it and that's about it i
will be posting as an exhaust clip
sometime soon